Add How-to change a parameter (#122)
projectsyn/documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/change-parameter.adoc

> = Change a Parameter

Reviewer: According to our style guide we don't use Title Case for headings, cf. https://syn.tools/syn/references/style-guide.html#_asciidoc_style and https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization#sentence-style-capitalization-in-titles-and-headings

```suggestion
= Change a parameter
```

Suppose you want to overwrite an inventory parameter for a cluster or tenant.

> This page assumes that you have already set up access to Lieutenant, so that `commodore catalog compile` generally works from any directory.

Reviewer: Probably want to add a note about a local installation of `commodore` somewhere in `$PATH` or an alias running dockerized Commodore, if running `commodore catalog compile` should work from any directory.

. Get the Cluster and Tenant ID from Lieutenant and compile the catalog.
+
[source,bash]
----
export $CLUSTER_ID = <target-cluster-id>
dir=$(mktemp -d)
pushd "${dir}"
commodore catalog compile $CLUSTER_ID
----
. Open your editor and edit the files you need to change.
+

> TIP: Most probably the file is in `inventory/classes/<tenant-id>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If you want to overwrite an inventory parameter for a tenant or cluster, edit the appropriate file in `inventory/classes/<tenant-id>`.
If you want to adjust a parameter for a Kubernetes distribution or cloud provider, edit the appropriate file in `inventory/classes/global`.
+
TIP: You can compile the catalog locally to verify your changes with `commodore catalog compile $CLUSTER_ID --local`.
```

Reviewer: Any reason why you didn't include the 2nd tip (running `commodore catalog compile $CLUSTER_ID --local`) in the current version?

Author: no, I overlooked that :see_no_evil:

Author: better?

> . Navigate into the tenant directory and push a new commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate into the tenant or global directory, depending on which files you've edited, and commit your changes.
```

+
[source,bash]
----
pushd inventory/classes/<tenant-id>
git status
git add *

> git commit -m "Update cluster"

Reviewer: Please don't encourage people to use crappy commit messages

Author: Removed the -m flag, that should open an editor instead.
